**Waveform Comparison Tool Installation Instructions**
This tool will require installing `iverilog`, `gtkwave`, `numpy`, and `spydrnet`.

You can install iverilog and gtkwave by using the command `sudo apt install ____`

To use spydrnet and numpy, you must use the command `pip install _____`

**How To Run**
To run the tool, use the command `./scripts/run_design.py (DESIGN_PATH) xilinx_yosys_waveform`

The tool will provide prompts in certain cases such as if the test has already been run or if the current file-type is unsupported.
In these cases, it will ask the user to input either a `1` or a `0` to determine what to do next.

**Current State Of Program**
This program is currently being tested to confirm it's effectiveness. Currently, many designs that should be equivalent come back
unequivalent, so this will require further testing. The current plan is to compare the vcd files generated by Icarus to the 
netlists simulated in Vivado. This should help with finding what Icarus is doing differently that causes the waveforms to be unequivalent.
Support to optimize this will be added in the future. 
There is also an issue with parsing designs that use multiple verilog files. The way that spydrnet parses causes their list of inputs to be
stored differently in the array of signals than a single-verilog file would have them stored. Creating a reliable way to parse this will be
essential to adding support for these kinds of files.

**Currently supported features**
* Parsing designs that only have 1 verilog file as a source.
* Re-analyzing designs that have come back equivalent or unequivalent.
* Creating random test-benches and TCL scripts for any netlist generated with Vivado or F4PGA.

**Currently Unsupported Features**
* Multi-verilog file design files.
* Linking to Vivado to compare waveforms with gtkwave.
* Parsing of diff.txt files to make them easier to read.

**Debugging**
If a design that has been equivalent in the past comes back unequivalent, here are a few options to check:
* Analyze the diff.txt file. It will tell you where the two waveforms are different. (Note: A parser to make the diff.txt file more readable is in the works.)
* Compare the waveforms with simulations in Vivado. (Only test the actual testbenches in Vivado. It doesn't need to use VCD files. A script for this is also in the works.)
* Modify the testbench to work for the original design, then create waveforms for that design and compare with the golden and reversed-netlist waveforms. Whichever is different is most likely to be incorrect. (This will have to be done by hand, the script for this is complicated because spydrnet can't analyze regular designs.)




